lm is recovered canarinho the class and a goal in each time
my mother speaks have resulted in a country silver boom
O
and it is fine wine fine wheel inversion closely the presence of the funai
everything to not wet friendship and finishes the cinema with more name
because it is beyond the promenade
not easy
before independence button share
to execute
if in fact
so here
is testing our tradition
I was taking an extract of wine
Luis is who will do it
the senai encloses to me these four states the senate quintino egert if not
will only stay in the open capital
now the shirt 3
3d boards
now I have to give a pristine course is priceless
now everything is going to have a
now we must have a lower grade value
before had in the republic of the Congo the pec has no right in the river to
I just asked the question that they want
boiler
here we are going to write
the bottom will be scary pt
now it's over
we will give it is still premature during sleep a tip
she had nodded but some installs software pt
testimony of caves in this neighborhood and here is in av héverton these states
she criticizes so will stay here this answer is copy psd
in the cup on the occasion all lenses
in the field the captain I think give them
it's a counter
by modifying that then against the government is ready
now only update the device annually
each sector
then it is worth the job the day laborer or third generation
apple
retire
Let's work